add check for incomplete rules (#6845)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/policies.mdx

* `enable_fallback_prediction` (default: `true`): Please see the
   [fallback documentation](fallback-handoff.mdx#handling-low-action-confidence) for
   further information.
* `check_for_contradictions` (default: `true`):
   Before training, the RulePolicy will perform a check to make sure that

>    actions always set slots and active loops that they set in other rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slots and active loops set by actions are defined consistently for all rules. 
```

>    The following snippet is an example for an incomplete rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following snippet is an example of an incomplete rule:
```

   ```yaml-rasa
   rules:
   - rule: complete rule
     steps:

>      - intent: do_something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - intent: search_venues
```

>      - action: action_that_sets_some_slot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - action: action_search_venues
```

     - slot_was_set:

>        - some_slot: "some value"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - venues: [{"name": "Big Arena", "reviews": 4.5}]
```

Author: this is a weird format. Can a slot be a dictionary?

Reviewer: Yeah, it's a list of dicts. I'm pulling it from the concertbot example.

   - rule: incomplete rule
     steps:

>      - intent: do_something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - intent: search_venues
```

>      - action: action_that_sets_some_slot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - action: action_search_venues
```

   ```

>    In the second `incomplete rule`, `action_that_sets_some_slot` is expected to set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the second `incomplete rule`, `action_search_venues` should set
```

>    `some_slot` but does not do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the `venues` slot because it is set in `complete rule`, but this event is missing.
```

   There is several possible ways to fix this rule, for example:

>    - if `some_slot` should not be set, you should explicitly set it to `null`

Reviewer: There should be some clarification that adding `- some_slot: null` doesn't mean the slot gets set to `null` by the policy

Author: I'm confused, how is that different from `- some_slot: some_value`? Users know that it is not set by the policy?

Reviewer: Hmm, that's a good point. This solution should be good :thumbsup:

   ```yaml-rasa
   rules:
   - rule: fixes incomplete rule
     steps:
     - intent: do_something
     - action: action_that_sets_some_slot
     - slot_was_set:
       - some_slot: null
   ```

>    - if you want to deal with setting slot in a different rule or story,

Reviewer: Even though it would solve the contradiction, it seems like bad practice for users to put slot sets only in certain rules and use the `wait_for_user_input` key. I'm leaning towards removing this recommendation.

Author: to me it's how rules should be written (especially taken into account that we restrict them by one user turn), but I can remove that

Author: also, this is not a recommendation, it is a showcase of possible solutions

Reviewer: It solves the problem, but I can see users interpreting this as "use `wait_for_user_input` to solve conflict errors" when they should be re-examining their rule & story definitions.

Author: but this is not in the part of the docs where we recommend staff, it is in `policies.mdx` which describe capabilities of the policy. I think users should know that it is possible.
also, I don't see a problem in  "use `wait_for_user_input` to solve conflict errors", if it indeed solves them

Author: @erohmensing what do you think?
